as well good this is the wrong item okay
my name is highly stevens and after I
found out about the raw food diet I
follow the diet and I'm a diabetic and I
have to take four shots every day I do
not have to take insulin anymore I mean
I don't wonderful I lost some weight and
I feel great hallelujah how are you how
long had you been taking shots 40 many
years I've been a diet on a diabetic
since 2000 and when you started eating a
raw food how long did before you got off
the shot about two months it took me
about two months for my body to do
really well one fan now no more shots
and the last year you have any advice
for anyone out there as diabetes or any
advice for them yes I do I think what
they need to do is to eat them vegetable
stick the get off of this meat and there
can be so healthy and feeling really
strong how do you hear about the raw
food I I found you on the computer one
time and I subscribe now to you and
that's how I learned you watch the
videos every day oh yes I watch him
wonderful you're gonna be on one oh my
goodness yeah so anything to say about
anyone out there that has doubts about
it basically what they need to do they
need to try it for themselves the proof
is in the pudding yeah and have you met
anyone else who's gotten better with raw
foods or know where I live there's
really nobody except the family as a
family thing oh my god my oldest
daughter is on a raw food diet and
anomie diet and
has lost almost 50 pounds wow how long
Oh within the pound i would say 3-4
months she started losing all that
weight wow so that's great and how much
weight did you lose I lost Oh almost 50
pounds Wow I was a little over 200 and
now I'm a little over 150 praise it oh
that's great yes okay wonderful and who
do we have here this is my husband Oh so
tell us this is the husband here so
what's your name Anthony Stephen so
Anthony tell us how the process went for
your wife and the whole family when she
started to change a diet what you first
think about it first I didn't think too
much of it but didn't have crashed hard
eating it it's pretty good it's really
pretty good and ons he started to see
wife lose weight yeah I got to really
make it just more than just good tasting
food yeah yeah you're gonna take some
advice from your wife and son oh yeah
wonderful that's great and who else is
in your household better it's just me
and my wife okay great great great roll
bro great anyone else want to say
anything while we're here about the
right I just knew that when she gave
this test to wanted me about your gears
specific diets and raw food that I said
you've got to tell Paul great and even
in raw foods this time here at the Fiat
I absolutely nothing about the raw nut
cakes wonderful wonderful and what do
you think about the food here it's great
wonderful and what about you Axl I feel
better than I probably felt a long time
eating just this week here Wow and you
it rocks all right alrighty all right so
the food rocks but it doesn't feel like
rocks in your stomach oh very good hey
so tell us what's been the greatest
thing about this whole experience of
eating better and getting off your
diabetic medicine is to lose all that
weight there go to the closet in
throw away my fat clothes all right
wonderful all right so would you
recommend this being an excellent way to
lose weight yes it is absolutely because
you always feel full you don't go hungry
but you will lose the weight how do you
miss the taste of the junk food no no
wonderful all right well we look forward
to hear and more thank you very much so
so what are you thinking of food oh
right right you having fun it's a code
here all right thanks amazing all right
and I like it all from the hood of a
especially food it directs our whole
path done in the area it's excellent i
love i love the body and i love us
together it is so wonderful hi hi Noah
hi here's andreia making nori rolls all
right and we have Andre are working on
she's doing a silk she's doing an
amazing job she's working on an Oreo
server hi okay and here we go I rolled
all of these roll knees and we made a
soup as well and now i'm making a a
hover dish dessert all right we're gonna
have a big party here tonight hey and
the final we have are all these nori
rolls we have some spanish rice that's
raw and then we come all the way over
here and we have some broad pine nut
pudding all right all right everybody
here we are we just made we made this
yesterday at the hava with tahini and
dates it's mostly tahini and honey
pretty much a little bit of days but we
ran a honey but mostly tahini and honey
and we just put it into a pace and we
froze dit we use very little liquid
so it was thick the way it was and we
just froze it and it is tasteless like a
Jewish meal called haha it's a dessert
delicious alrighty and then here we come
we got well we have all that carrots we
have our carrot soup and then we have
nori rolls this is the last night year
so we're getting all the leftovers and
great body so we have some blueberry
pies that made the other night blueberry
pies there's a more chocolate pudding
was not with chocolate and there's the
apapa we just made it we put out okay
say that again what if I said everyone
here has talked to me about your food it
has been marvelous all all I love the
leaf wraps you know that was so
wonderful everybody has their favorites
but everyone has enjoyed your food thank
you for coming and doing this for us
we're very appreciative thank you I'm
glad you like the food thank you alright
Jimmy what do you think all right